Hey！🔥Welcome to Runhang's base🔥

\
   I am currently a master student at [Wong
lab.](http://entnemdept.ufl.edu/people-directory/adam-cn-wong/)

**Research interests**

  We are living a microbial world where all animals are intimately
associated with microbes. The animal hosts have co-evolved with the
microbes inhabiting in their body (i.e. gut). While human genome is hard
to edit, the gut microbial community and its collective genetic
materials are easy to amend through diet (prebiotics) and probiotics
(dietary beneficial microbes), providing novel tactcics to improve human
health. Given the epidemic of obesity worldwide and high sugar
diet-shaped gut microbiome that could alter our feeding behavior, my
goal is to use *Drosophila* model to illunimate the underlying
mechanisms of microbiome-mediated host physiology (e.g. nutritional
state and appetite).

   To translate the study of experimental models into clinical practice
(Lactobacillus represents a good example), we have to study microbiome
ecology! Our understanding of microbiome ecology is extremely limited
such as gut microbial community is composed of \>1000 bacterial taxa
(some fungi&virus). It remains largely unknown whether the interactions
of such an intricated network are highly personalized or universal
across human. Furthermore, despite the gut microbiome intrapersonal
variation is smaller than that of interpersonal variation, two sets of
microbiome could exert similar functions, as known as functional
redundancy of microbiome. The functional redundancy of the gut
microbiome adds another layer of complexity to gut microbiome ecology.
There is an urgent call for multi-disciplinary collaborations in
microbiome study across different systems (soil, ocean, plant, animals).
On top of continuous efforts in sequencing, bacteria genome editing, and
clinic trails, I believe, mathematical modeling and simulation can
provide great insights about designing a personalized microbial cocktail
for human health.

**Advocation**

-   "Understanding how microbes affect health and the biosphere requires
    an international initiative" - Nicole Dubilier, Margaret
    McFall-Ngai, and Liping Zhao
-   Transparent datasets and transparent methodology are fundamental for
    the advancement of science.

-   "Science not communicated is science not done" - Mellisa Marshall

We all love science and cherish that this is the greatest time to do
science. Importantly, we should also TALK about science, SHARE ideas,
and keep CRITICIZing.

\
  Here, I will write more R code for data visualization and omics data
analysis.

\
\
 感谢🙏来访
----------

 关于生物信息，我还在探索。后期我会多写写生物领域，宏基因组，微生物组的数据分析的小文章。敬请期待～

[![Flag
Counter](https://s11.flagcounter.com/count2/OAsj/bg_FFFFFF/txt_000000/border_CCCCCC/columns_2/maxflags_10/viewers_0/labels_0/pageviews_0/flags_0/percent_0/)](http://s11.flagcounter.com/more/OAsj)
